added push jobs end point to documenteation (#28)
Vualto/task-engine-public-docs: docs/source/DeveloperDocumentation/TaskEngineAPI.md

</details><br /><br />

### POST: `/push_jobs`

> This endpoint is used to force queued jobs to consume any available queue slots. This can happen when a setting, such as the maximum number of concurrent jobs, is updated through the database and does not trigger the functionality for jobs to consume the new queue slots. Successful requests will return an `200 ok` status. An error message is returned when an issue occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint is used to manually push jobs to run on available queue slots. This does not overrule priority queue and threshold values.
```

<details>

<summary>Details</summary>
<br />

**Requires Authentication: Yes**<br />
**Required Headers:**

- `client` - client name, required for authentication
- `api-key` - required for authentication
- `Content-Type` - set to `application/json`

**Optional Headers: None**

Successful Response:

```
Status: 200, ok 
```

> 401 - Error Response:

Author: ```suggestion
403 - Error Response:
```

</details><br /><br />

### POST: `/push_jobs`

> This endpoint is used to force queued jobs to run. For example if a setting such as the maximun number of cuncurrent jobs is updated without using the api while multiple jobs are running the Task engine will keep running the previous amount of maximun cuncurrent jobs and so push jobs needs to be called so the updated stting is used. Successful requests will return an `200 ok` status. An error message is returned when a the request fails submission fails.

Reviewer: Needs some rewording around `An error message is returned when a the request fails submission fails.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint is used to force queued jobs to consume any available queue slots. This can happen when a setting, such as the maximum number of concurrent jobs, is updated through the database and does not trigger the functionality for jobs to consume the new queue slots. Successful requests will return an `200 ok` status. An error message is returned when an issue occurs.
```

> This endpoint is used to force queued jobs to run. For example if a setting such as the maximun number of cuncurrent jobs is updated without using the api while multiple jobs are running the Task engine will keep running the previous amount of maximun cuncurrent jobs and so push jobs needs to be called so the updated stting is used. Successful requests will return an `200 ok` status. An error message is returned when a the request fails submission fails.

Reviewer: I might reject this PR. This endpoint will not make sense to clients as they cannot update the maximum number of concurrent jobs anyway. @Rodrigo010497 are there any other instances where this endpoint is used?

Another option is to completely eliminate the example and say 
```
This endpoint is used to start queued jobs, if a queue slot is available.
```

> This endpoint is used to force queued jobs to run. For example if a setting such as the maximun number of cuncurrent jobs is updated without using the api while multiple jobs are running the Task engine will keep running the previous amount of maximun cuncurrent jobs and so push jobs needs to be called so the updated stting is used. Successful requests will return an `200 ok` status. An error message is returned when a the request fails submission fails.

Reviewer 2: > I might reject this PR.

Given we don't have true internal docs (so far) I am always in favour of having information made available.

> This endpoint is used to force queued jobs to run. For example if a setting such as the maximun number of cuncurrent jobs is updated without using the api while multiple jobs are running the Task engine will keep running the previous amount of maximun cuncurrent jobs and so push jobs needs to be called so the updated stting is used. Successful requests will return an `200 ok` status. An error message is returned when a the request fails submission fails.

Reviewer: > > I might reject this PR.
> 
> Given we don't have true internal docs (so far) I am always in favour of having information made available.
> 
> (for what that might be worth)

We have room for internal API endpoints in Confluence.

> This endpoint is used to force queued jobs to run. For example if a setting such as the maximun number of cuncurrent jobs is updated without using the api while multiple jobs are running the Task engine will keep running the previous amount of maximun cuncurrent jobs and so push jobs needs to be called so the updated stting is used. Successful requests will return an `200 ok` status. An error message is returned when a the request fails submission fails.

Reviewer: > ah I suppose 🤷

https://jwplayer.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/MD/pages/3390636611/Internal+API+Endpoints

<details>

<summary>Details</summary>
<br />

**Requires Authentication: Yes**<br />

> **Requires Administrator Privileges: Yes**<br />

Reviewer: If this requires Admin privileges, can you confirm it is an endpoint that clients can reach and execute? If not, should these docs be moved to the Internal API endpoints in Confluence?

Author: it can be accessed by clients it is just that admins can pass a name query in it to push_jobs for specific clients

Reviewer 2: @Rodrigo010497 perhaps you can add a clarifying statement to that effect rather than "Require: Yes"?

Reviewer: I would remove this statement. Standalone clients can access it and that's what we care about in the public docs. If an admin user (user on Vualto's VPN) can do something extra, it should be documented in confluence.
